## My ailing brain used to love you better
Forgive me for my elder years;
I may inspire dread;
I'll bark at you and 
suffer, you’ll feel like shit.
Some things happen that way; 
some best friend dies mean.


#ramble #scripture
I’m guessing that, before we had phones with the worst version of the internet, we were more connected to the places we lived. The hard distinction between person and neighbor, and the ways you manage to get along together, were not always happy, but they were defined and in stasis. 

Now it seems like we have no way of relating to each other, even by way of quarreling. There used to be a kind of neighborly fight that dragged on, but in a good way—people reasoned and begged out their efforts to relate to the people around them in some way.

Now, anyway, our phones put us in little worlds that seem to share so little in common with each other. On my walk I watch my little version of the United States in front of me, scrollable, every post sycophantically affirming my worldview; and when I pass someone on their phone, i must guess their algorithm overlaps with mine only a little.


“I love this beer.”
“Yes, you bring it to your lips and it kisses you back slowly.”

## How to make peace with the religion of your upbringing
Don’t try to. Pay attention to the pangs and unsanded edges of it. Be bewildered when “I’m praying for you in the temple” begins to sound like a “❤️”. Follow the urge to change her contact from “Mom” to “\<first>\<last>”. Write about it and think about her every hour. 

## You deranged automaton
Everything occurs to me;
no thought is my own.
Unless you count me as the brain
that jotted this note down.

The self is many touchstones,
repeated neural knots.
I really hope when it’s my time
I end on a good thought.


I want to be forgotten
I strain for dim next days
I‘ll take after the cotton, and
blindly float away


So I go on these walks in the evening,
and I bring my relaxing vice
and I mentally meander the past few weeks, 
see which mind-states preceded which.

Sometimes I find
a perfectly friendly place to sit down, and I’ll just 
think about my fallout with my mom.
Intentions are just imagined memories of plans, now. 
Pain's a persistent interruption, a stuckness.

I’ve become a pet person over time, and honestly
I’ve begun to associate animal people with good character.
When you’re generous in assigning sentience and experience
to the creatures around you, you’re partial to protecting them.

My cat's furtive glances, with-
drawal, her misinterpreting of signals, the odd 
moment of deep connection, the oddness of connection—

she lives out that banal essence of romance.